CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributors Guide

Contributions to the project are most welcome!

## How to build and test

 1. You do have sbt, don't you? If not, get it from here:
    
    [http://www.scala-sbt.org/](http://www.scala-sbt.org/)
    
 2. Get source code
 
    `git clone https://github.com/sn127/utils.git`
 
 3. Build and test 
 
    `sbt clean test`
 
 4. Generate test coverage reports
 
    `sbt clean coverageOn test coverageReport coverageAggregate`

 5. Explore code
    
    Directory structure follows maven's layout and there are two sub-project utils-fs and utils-testing
    
    * [utils-fs](./fs)
      - utils-fs main code: [./fs/src/main/scala/fi/sn127/utils/fs](./fs/src/main/scala/fi/sn127/utils/fs)
      - utils-fs test code: [./fs/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/fs](./fs/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/fs)
      
    * [utils-testing](./testing)
      - utils-testing main code: [./testing/src/main/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing](./testing/src/main/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing)
      - utils-testing test code: [./testing/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing](./testing/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing)
        - [DirSuiteDemo](./testing/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing/DirSuiteDemo.scala) is demo how to use DirSuite
        - [DirSuiteLikeTest](./testing/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing/DirSuiteLikeTest.scala) 
          and the rest of tests are DirSuite's own tests. 
          These are a bit convoluted,  because tests are testing test-framework.
    * [tests](./tests) Common test target for both projects 
      - [globree](./tests/globtree) is used for path matching tests
      - [dirsuite](./tests/dirsuite) is DirSuite test collection, which is used to test DirSuite 

## Developer Certificate of Origin 

Your pull requests can be merged only if you can certify 
the [Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO), Version 1.1](../DCO). 
To certify DCO (e.g. sign-off your commit), you must add 
a `Signed-off-by` line to **every**  git commit message 
(e.g. `git commit -s`):

    Signed-off-by: github-account <your.real@email.address>

If you set your `user.name` and `user.email` in git configs,
then git will include that line for you with `git commit -s`. 
These settings can be done per repository basis, 
so they don't have be global settings in your system. 
 
Please make sure that you sign-off all your PR's commits.

Commit message:

build: Fix for empty directory bug
In build and test environment, there must be an empty directory.
Because it must be empty, usual trick with .keep files won't work.

Signed-off-by: jaa127 <jaa@sn127.fi>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributors Guide

Contributions to the project are most welcome!

## How to build and test

 1. You do have sbt, don't you? If not, get it from here:
    
    [http://www.scala-sbt.org/](http://www.scala-sbt.org/)
    
 2. Get source code
 
    `git clone https://github.com/sn127/utils.git`

   Then make an empty directory for tests:
 
    `mkdir -p utils/tests/globtree/empty`
 
 3. Build and test 
 
    `sbt clean test`
 
 4. Generate test coverage reports
 
    `sbt clean coverageOn test coverageReport coverageAggregate`

 5. Explore code
    
    Directory structure follows maven's layout and there are two sub-project utils-fs and utils-testing
    
    * [utils-fs](./fs)
      - utils-fs main code: [./fs/src/main/scala/fi/sn127/utils/fs](./fs/src/main/scala/fi/sn127/utils/fs)
      - utils-fs test code: [./fs/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/fs](./fs/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/fs)
      
    * [utils-testing](./testing)
      - utils-testing main code: [./testing/src/main/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing](./testing/src/main/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing)
      - utils-testing test code: [./testing/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing](./testing/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing)
        - [DirSuiteDemo](./testing/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing/DirSuiteDemo.scala) is demo how to use DirSuite
        - [DirSuiteLikeTest](./testing/src/test/scala/fi/sn127/utils/testing/DirSuiteLikeTest.scala) 
          and the rest of tests are DirSuite's own tests. 
          These are a bit convoluted,  because tests are testing test-framework.
    * [tests](./tests) Common test target for both projects 
      - [globree](./tests/globtree) is used for path matching tests
      - [dirsuite](./tests/dirsuite) is DirSuite test collection, which is used to test DirSuite 

## Developer Certificate of Origin 

Your pull requests can be merged only if you can certify 
the [Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO), Version 1.1](../DCO). 
To certify DCO (e.g. sign-off your commit), you must add 
a `Signed-off-by` line to **every**  git commit message 
(e.g. `git commit -s`):

    Signed-off-by: github-account <your.real@email.address>

If you set your `user.name` and `user.email` in git configs,
then git will include that line for you with `git commit -s`. 
These settings can be done per repository basis, 
so they don't have be global settings in your system. 
 
Please make sure that you sign-off all your PR's commits.
